{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margb1417\margt1417\vieww12200\viewh17140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Cell tracking using tiled images from the ScanR microscope
\b0\fs24 \
Written by Maria Smedh, Centre for Cellular Imaging, Nov 2013\
\
There are three Fiji macros to run plus one external Plugin. The macros are found under:\
Plugins - ScanR_CellTracking\
\
External Plugins, might have to be downloaded: "Plugins - Grid/Collection stitching" and \'93Plugins - Mosaic - Particle Tracker 2D/3D\'94\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri0

\b \cf0 1. CombineScanR_singleChannel
\b0 \
Makes a tiled time series from the individual ScanR raw data images. The images are rescaled, both in intensity and pixel size.\
Run this macro once for each image channels. No image needs to be open before running the macro.\
Uses the "Grid/Collection stitching" plugin.\
\

\b 2.Track_Cells
\b0 \
Finds the outlines of the cells and creates an image with dots at the centroid positions, "Centroids.tif", which is then used for tracking the cells with the Plugin "Particle Tracker 2D/3D". The file "Outlines_Cells_RGB.tif" contains an RGB image of the nuclear channel with overlaid outlines.\
\
The time series of the nuclear channel has to be open and selected before running the macro!\
\

\b 3. Particle Tracker 2D/3D
\b0 \
This Plugin is found under: \
Plugins - Mosaic - Particle Tracker 2D/3D\
\
Select the image \'93Centroids.tif\'94 and run the Plugin Particle Tracker 2D/3D using the parameters:\
Radius = 5\
Cutoff = 0\
Per/Abs = 0.5000\
Link Range = 1\
Displacement = 50.00\
\
It is now possible to inspect the results by visualizing the trajectories and zooming in on specific areas. If you are not happy with the trajectories it is possible to do some relinking.\
\
Click the button 'All Trajectories to Table' to get a table with the results from the tracking, which will be used in the next macro. \
\

\b 4. Track_Cells_AnalyzeTracks
\b0 \
Now the results table from running the Particle Tracker and the image "Outlines_Cells_RGB.tif" has to be open, but no particular window has to be selected beforehand.\
The result is an image, "TrackedCells.tif", with all outlined cells numbered. All trajectories are shown as green lines and the mean displacement is shown for the fastest cells. You choose during how many frames a cell has to be tracked and how many of the fastest cells should be included in the graphical display and the results table.\
\
If other channels were acquired they can be merged by first changing the other channel images to RGB and then run\
Process - Image Calculator\'85 \
Use the operation "Add" between two images. This is automatically done for a transmission channel, if it exists.\
\
}